This project is a fork from Comet and all rights over Comet are reserved by Gareth Jensen "Spirited".
The project is split between three servers: an account server, game server and ai server. The account server authenticates players, while the game server services players in the game world and the ai server handles ai over the NPCs in the world. This simple three-server architecture acts as a good introduction into server programming and concurrency patterns. The server is interoperable with the Eudemons Online game client, but a modified client will not be provided.
This still a work in progress and is not recommended to starters. No support will be given to creating events, NPCs or anything like that. But if you want to work with Long you may report bugs and we will keep the main repository updated with bug fixes to whoever wants to try it.
When the live server leaves the Beta Stage, we will start keeping stable versions of Canyon in the main main repository, if you download from development make sure you know what you are doing and that you are ready to face bugs.

Targets the paladin edited client (used RevolucionEO Client).

Legality
Algorithms and packet structuring used by this project for interoperability with the Eudemons Online game client is a result of reverse engineering. By Sec. 103(f) of the DMCA (17 U.S.C. ยง 1201 (f)), legal possession of the Eudemons Online client is permitted for this purpose, including circumvention of client protection necessary for archiving interoperability (though the client will not be provided for this purpose). Comet is a non-profit, academic project and not associated with TQ Digital Entertainment. All rights over Comet are reserved by Gareth Jensen "Spirited". All rights over the game client are reserved by TQ Digital Entertainment.
